I bought my Nexus 4 from Google for 50. It tool about three hours of retrying on there web page. When I ordered it said it would ship in two to three weeks but it was on my door step in two.

My last phone was an IPhone 4 on AT&T. I just shut it down removed the SIM, inserted the SIM in the Nexus 4 and started it. That was all there was to it, no calls to support or fiddling with setting, it just worked. The screen is great and the GUI is super smooth. I did find I had to buy two apps. Air Play by Double Twist allows the phone to wirelessly sync play lists with Itunes on my iMAC. HD Widgets allows the creation nice custom widgets to manage bluetooth, Wifi and ringer settings. I have had this phone for almost two weeks and the more I use the phone the more I like it. It is much easier to manage my apps and track down which is doing what in the background. At first I thought the battery might be an issue but that seems to be getting better, I got rid of Yahoo Weather and that helped a lot, it pounds the network and GPS constantly. Signal strength is at least and good as the IPhone 4 with WiFi and 3G and way better with bluetooth. The phone works well and there have been no issues with hearing or being heard. The camer works well and takes nice pictures but i don't thing it is as good as the IPhone 4s or 5. The flash is much more powerful then the one on my IPhone 4.

The stock phone is a bit slippery and there are very few cases available thus far. I tried a soft TPU case which fit fine but felt crappy so when the Google Nexus 4 bumper came back in stock I got one of those. The bumper from Google is way nicer than I expected. It has a real metal band around the outside and the buttons work and feel even better than the stock phone buttons. The bumper makes the phone very easy to hold on to and has metal around the USB and headphone jacks that make plugs easier to find without looking without preventing any plug I have tried from being fully inserting.

I have no regrets about switching and have no plan to go back.
