I have had this phone for a week now and love it. I loved my iPhone when I first got it, though found that it had many controlling issues, iTunes is your gateway. There are some pluses to iTunes, they have a larger selection of songs, and other media. I had a lager amount invested in songs and apps so when I got the 920 I was happy to find out that when I plugged. In my phone and download the phone syncing app from Microsoft that part of it was to pull all of my iTunes music over on to my new phone, my photos also where synced from iTunes. The only items that I was not able to get out of iTunes where my tv episodes and movies. I do not know if this is because I loaded them to iTunes from digital copies and did not buy them directly from iTunes or that all video media will not transfer. I now can go to the office or there computer and play the music from my phone over the computer with out any other software loaded other then a music player. I also am able to load any file onto my phone wth out their part apps, or the use of an iTunes type syncing software. I did not like that even though I may have had a file saved to my computer through itunes I could not open it on my computer. I had to go to my phone and then e-mail that file to myself even though it was already on my computer in I iTunes just not available. I can go from computer to phone one file at a time or many to one all at once. With iTunes is all or nothing when syncing. I also like that mote websites work so that I. Do not have to download, buy an app just so that the webpage will work on the phone. Windows app store does need more apps, but when your web pages work in the first place then why do you need so many apps?

The phone it self has been great love the screen,looks great, feels good and does not seem to get as many fingerprints on it. The phone is fast have not had it crash once yet. I like that it update with my windows 8 PC so that changes that I have made to my phone also show up on my computer. Sound has been great. Battery. Life is good, though that is one thing we could always use more of. I have found that I need to charge it a little sooner then my iPhone, although I am also using it more than my iPhone. For the price it is a great. Phone 5.
