I am and always will be an avid supporter of Apple, despite their obscene prices & sometimes annoying level of arrogance in the world of marketing technology. Say what you will about Apple, there is no denying their superiority when it comes to the quality & capabilities of their products. When I picked up my first iphone in 2008 (a 3GS), I fell in love with the simplicity of Apple iOS & just how easy it is to navigate. Since then, I've owned the 4, the 4s, & now the 5. At this point, Needless to say, I'm accustomed to iOS & trying to use phones with other operating systems like Android & Windows gives me the worst headache you could imagine.

Now down to the dirty side of this review. Yes, I gave the iphone 5 five stars. Why? Because it does everything it claims to do. It has a slightly faster processor, slightly larger screen, & better resolution than its predecessor. The screen quality, imho, is its best asset. I will not judge the quality of the phone by how much it costs like a large percentage of other reviewers, because it is completely irrelevant in making a fair assessment of the phone itself. Besides that fact, it is pretty comparable in price to any other similar smartphone that you would buy outright without a contract. Want an iPhone but don't want to pay half a grand? Get a contract like I did & stop whining....

Moving on to the dirty, this will probably be my last iPhone purchase for a while. Why? As I've come to realize with age, shelling out $200 every single year over an upgrade to a phone that has had little to no significant changes is beyond ridiculous. Most do it for the sake of saying they own the latest iPhone. Some do it for the sake of spending money. Either way, My advice would be to not fall into the conformities of society. Buy the 4s or 5 (which are practically the same darn phone) slap an Otter box or other brand of thick protector on it (it'll live longer, trust me) & vow to hold out until Apple steps it up an acceptable amount of notches. And honestly, at this point in their game, I don't see that happening for a while. It's a vicious money cycle with Apple and I'll be the first to say...I will not be buying the inevitable & sure to come: iPhone 5s at the end of the year. Unless it can wash my clothes, cook my dinner, & read me a bedtime story
